"If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." --Anonymous
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." --John Wooden
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." --Anonymous
"If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." --Jim Rohn
"Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain." --Anonymous
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." --Walt Disney
"Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." --Anonymous
"If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." --Anonymous
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." --Winston Churchill
"Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." --Proverb
"Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." --Anonymous
"Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." --Vaibhav Shah
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." --Chris Grosser
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." --Albert Einstein
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." --Thomas A. Edison
"If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it." --Kim Garst
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." --David Brinkley
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." --Henry Ford
"If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." --Anonymous
"Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." --Anonymous
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." --Oscar Wilde
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." --Anonymous
"The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." --Bruce Feirstein
"When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." --Lolly Daskal
"I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams." --Oprah Winfrey
"No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." --Anonymous
"Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." --Nathaniel Hawthorne
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." --Albert Einstein
"Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." --Anonymous
"Do one thing every day that scares you." --Anonymous
"What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable." --Anonymous
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --Lolly Daskal
"Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." --Anonymous
"Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." --Anonymous
"Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." --Anonymous
"You can do anything, but not everything. --Anonymous
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." --Steve Jobs
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." --Ray Goforth
"Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." --Thomas Jefferson
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." --Napoleon Hill
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." --Robert Collier
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." --Thomas J. Watson
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." --Michael John Bobak
"You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." --Philippos
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear." --Mark Twain
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." --Pablo Picasso
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily." --Zig Ziglar
"We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." --Earl Nightingale
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. " --Les Brown
"I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." --Martha Stewart
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." --Anonymous
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." --Colin R. Davis
"The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." --Ralph Nader
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." --Maya Angelou
"As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." --Bill Gates
"A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." --Henry Kravis
"The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." --Mark Caine
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." --Tony Robbins
"When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." --Audre Lorde
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." --Mark Twain
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." --Bruce Lee
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." --Roger Staubach
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." --Dale Carnegie
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." --Jim Rohn
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." --Gurbaksh Chahal
"Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." --Robert Kiyosaki
"If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" --T. Harv Eker
"Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference." --Robert Frost
"The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." --Napoleon Hill
"In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." --Jane Smiley
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." --George Bernard Shaw
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." --Diane Ackerman
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." --Michael Jordan
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." --Jim Ryun
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." --Dale Carnegie
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." --Francis Chan
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." --George Lorimer
"A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at." -- Bruce Lee
"Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." --John C. Maxwell
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." --Wayne Dyer
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." --Anatole France
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." --Dale Carnegie
"You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." --Booker T. Washington
"Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." --Theodore N. Vail
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." --Herman Melville
"What would you do if you weren't afraid." --Spencer Johnson
"Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." --Washington Irving
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." --Truman Capote
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John R. Wooden
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." --Margaret Thatcher
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." James Cameron
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." Henry David Thoreau
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." John Wooden
"Entrepreneurs average 3.8 failures before final success. What sets the successful ones apart is their amazing persistence." Lisa M. Amos
"If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." Jim Rohn
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." Swami Vivekananda
"Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion." Tony Hsieh
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." Walt Disney
"If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do." Anonymous
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." Winston Churchill
"Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." Vaibhav Shah
"Success? I don't know what that word means. I'm happy. But success, that goes back to what in somebody's eyes success means. For me, success is inner peace. That's a good day for me." Denzel Washington
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." Chris Grosser
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." Albert Einstein
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." Charles Darwin
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." Eleanor Roosevelt
"The best revenge is massive success." Frank Sinatra
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas Edison
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." David Brinkley
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." Eleanor Roosevelt
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." Henry Ford
"If you're going through hell, keep going." Winston Churchill
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." Oscar Wilde
"The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." Bruce Feirstein
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." John D. Rockefeller
"Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." Nathaniel Hawthorne
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Albert Einstein
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." Ray Goforth
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." Arthur Ashe
"People ask, 'What's the best role you've ever played?' The next one." Kevin Kline
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." Thomas Jefferson
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." Napoleon Hill
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." Robert Collier
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." Thomas J. Watson
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." Michael John Bobak
"You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." Philippos
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear." Mark Twain
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." Pablo Picasso
"We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." Earl Nightingale
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." Vidal Sassoon
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone." Bill Cosby
"Though no one can go back and make a brand-new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand-new ending." Carl Bard
"I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." Martha Stewart
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover." Mark Twain
"The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." Mark Caine
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." Mark Twain
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." Bruce Lee
"Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy." Jimmy Spithill
"Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down." Charles F. Kettering
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." Gurbaksh Chahal
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." Steve Jobs
"If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" T. Harv Eker
"Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better." Jim Rohn
"The No. 1 reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." Napoleon Hill
"In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." Jane Smiley
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." George Bernard Shaw
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." Diane Ackerman
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." Jim Ryun
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure ... but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." Francis Chan
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." Jim Rohn
"Nobody ever wrote down a plan to be broke, fat, lazy, or stupid. Those things are what happen when you don't have a plan." Larry Winget
"To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like." Mike Gafka
"Be content to act, and leave the talking to others." Baltasar
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." Margaret Thatcher
"Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's no greater investment." Stephen Covey
"I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite." G. K. Chesterton
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." Thomas A. Edison
"The greater the artist, the greater the doubt. Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation prize." Robert Hughes
"What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?" Robert Schuller
"Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing." Abraham Lincoln
"Successful and unsuccessful people do not vary greatly in their abilities. They vary in their desires to reach their potential." John Maxwell
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It's quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn't at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that's where you will find success." Thomas J. Watson
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." Albert Einstein
"Success is just a war of attrition. Sure, there's an element of talent you should probably possess. But if you just stick around long enough, eventually something is going to happen." Dax Shepard
"My tombstone? I'm thinking something along the lines of, 'Geez, he was just here a minute ago.'" George Carlin
“Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.” – Shiv Khera
“You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.” – Stephen King
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Milton Berie
“An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.” – Brian Tracy
“The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.” – Robert H Shuller
“We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are.” – Anais Nin
“Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.” – Francesca Reigler
“Today is a new beginning, a chance to turn your failures into achievements & your sorrows into goods. No room for excuses.” – Joel Brown
“We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future.” – Robin S Sharma
“If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.” – Henry Ford
“Take chances, make mistakes. That’s how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.” – Mary Tyler Moore
“I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.” – Muhammad Ali
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow.” – Seth Godin
“Positive thinking means expecting, believing, and visualizing what you want to achieve. It means seeing in your mind’s eye the thing you want, as an accomplished fact.”
“You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.” – Les Brown
“Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.” – Michael Landon
“Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.” – William James
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller
“The past has no power over the present moment.” – Eckhart Tolle
“Hate. It has caused a lot of problems in this world but has not solved one yet.” – Maya Angelou
“With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose.” – Dr. Wayne W Dyer
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more.” – Tony Robbins
“I’ve had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened” – Mark Twain
“Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.” – Thomas Edison
“If you can dream it, then you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.” – Zig Ziglar
“Life has many ways of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.” – Paulo Coelho
“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.” – Douglas Adams
“If you want light to come into your life, you need to stand where it is shining.” – Guy Finley
“All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything!” – Gary W Goldstein